** 1999-06-15 RELEASE 2.37

- ENVY_PATH is now used only to find the First dimension.  Moreover,
it is required that ENVY_PATH be re-assigned in First.  This should
make it possible to switch between First dimensions correctly.  (Based
on insightful feedback from Alexander.Shugayev@db.com!)


** 1999-06-09 RELEASE 2.36

- Significant ergonomic improvements to wrapper. (Kudos to
Alexander.Shugayev@db.com & Vicky.Nayer@db.com)

- Assure order of ENVY_PATH when switching between environments.

- Warnings for stupid dimension names.

- Quell warnings emitted by unload all.

- s/depreciated/deprecated/g

- Versions 2.34 & 2.35 were for prerelease testing.


** 1999-05-13 RELEASE 2.33 [STABLE]

- Change default $PATH to /bin:/usr/bin (suggested by
binkley@bigfoot.com),

- New FAQ entry: how to manage perl releases with envy.


** 1999-05-07 RELEASE 2.32 [STABLE]

- Change default $PATH to /bin.


** 1999-05-06 RELEASE 2.31 [STABLE]

- Keep the first components of $PATH set to Conf.pm $env0{PATH}
(suggested by Chris Fumai).  This closes the door on malicious
binaries (named 'ls' for example).

- Repaired 'envy unload all'.


** 1999-02-08 RELEASE 2.30 [STABLE]

- Doc tweaks.


** 1999-02-04 RELEASE 2.29 [STABLE]

- ENVY_PATH is no longer reset when unloading.  (Kudos to Sasha! :-)
Added regression tests.

- Doc tweaks.


** 1998-12-31 RELEASE 2.28 [STABLE]

- Fixed 'envy reload'.


** 1998-12-10 RELEASE 2.27 [STABLE]

- Fixed $db->all_matching (list & paths were broken?).

- Tweak 'envy show' to ignore the current environment a bit better.


** 1998-11-24 RELEASE 2.26 [STABLE]

- Factored out parts of envy.pl to Envy::UI library.

- Tweaks for smoother dimension swapping.


** 1998-11-20 RELEASE 2.25 [STABLE]

- Extra check for VERSION mismatch between envy.pl & Envy::DB.

- Tweaks for login.IN (patrick@rcsm.ece.mcgill.ca).


** 1998-11-08 RELEASE 2.24 [BETA]

- New short-cuts: 'unenvy' for quick unload and $ENVY_VERBOSE to set
the default verbosity level.

- Envy modules are now reference counted for more accurate dependency
tracking.  (One of Tony's satoris!)  As a side effect, the symantics
of ENVY_STATE have changed slightly (but it is still mostly backward
compatibile).

- Very long (>1000 characters) envy state variables are now split into
easily digestable chunks.  Added tests.  (Thanks Tony!)

- Implemented an optimal differencing algorithm to minimize
environment changes.

- Downgraded some errors to manditory warnings.

- Significant Envy::DB API improvements.


** 1998-10-21 RELEASE 2.23 [STABLE]

- Descriptions are now displayed in 'envy list'. (Thanks Tony!)  Moved
full-paths to 'envy show paths'.

- Add -v option to wrapper.


** 1998-09-26 RELEASE 2.22

- Set $LOGNAME in wrapper if not already set.

- Announce new mailing list: envy@listbox.com!


** 1998-09-13 RELEASE 2.21

- Documentation updates.

- Improved configuration and installation.


** 1998-09-12 RELEASE 2.20

- Simplified configuration even more.  Once you install envy once, it
will remember the installation settings across subsequent upgrades.


** 1998-09-11 RELEASE 2.19

- Fixed configuration problem with re-installing.  Added tests.

- 'envied' shows loaded envies in a tree layout!



** 1998-09-03 RELEASE 2.18

- Tweaked handling of 'First' dimension.


** 1998-09-01 RELEASE 2.17

- Append and assignment were ambiguous and assignment took precedence.
Append is now assumed.  Added tests.

- Envies found in .priv directories are hidden from the listing.

- Fixed 5.004-ish warnings.


** 1998-08-31 RELEASE 2.16

- A fairly large amount of work (mostly in the form of deep pondering)
has gone into this release.  Please consider it BETA and test
it carefully!

- Replaced bizarre installation instructions with much simpler.

- Improved start-up time.

- More documentation: envy help and FAQ.pod

- Changes to the ENVY_PATH are now reflected (immediately) when
loading multiple envys during a single invokation.

- Added support for *.site configuration files.  This allows per-site
customization of default settings (like xemacs).

- Switched default umask to 002.  Should be part of site
configuration?


** 1998-03-05 RELEASE 2.15

- Fixed handling of $HOME/.envy.

- Improvements to Envy::Load.


** 01-16-98 RELEASE 2.13

- I've been waiting for the code to stabilize.  This release seems
very stable so I am releasing it.  The csh support still needs to be
brought up to date and better documentation is in the works.

- Phased out support for backward-compatible envy state environment
variables.


** 12-20-97 RELEASE 2.10

- Envys that set ETOP are treated specially.  Only one should be
loadable at the same time.

- Added support for 'echo' in envy files.

- Components are no longer removed from ENVY_PATH.

- Logging of all envious activity to $ETOP/var/envy.log.

- Improved organization of *.part2.

- Adding multiple components with += incorrectly occurred in the
reverse order.  Fixed.

- Adjusted dependency tracking to reduce false warnings.

- '.' is no longer added to the front of the PATH by default.


** 12-13-97 RELEASE 2.07

- Slightly better dependency tracking.  Avoids unloading ETOP during
'unload all'.

- envy load/unload now accept multiple targets on the command line

- More whitespace stricture in envy files.

- Slightly improved error messages.

- Factored 'wrapper' to use INITIAL_ENV.


** 11-24-97 RELEASE 2.06

- Initial public release.
